Notes:
Videos to make: 
1. Kobowise Video. 
2. 	

Before you can recieve donations, you simply have to create a video or a written post. stating your name (or if you prefer remaining private you could use a nickname or a pseudoname) and state how much you are about to recieve.
Upload the video to any social network (instagram, facebook, twitter, or youtube).
Insert the link to the video in the field under the recieve donation box. 
Once your video is confirmed, you will begin recieving donations (this usually takes less than 24 hours). 
Hope you enjoy using Kobowise and be sure to donate again and encourage your friends to do so - Everyone could use a little help once in a while. 

Strike System: 

FAQs
What's Cobowise all about?
	Kobowise is a peer to peer donation platform Developed (Create a Bad guy)

How do I donate?
	

How are Donors Matched?


How do I recieve donations?


What is the strike system?


I have one or more strikes - What do I do?


I have three strikes - What do i do?


I would really like to talk to other users? 


I made a donation, but the person I donated to did not confirm my donation?


I mistakenly confirmed a donation that I did not recieve?


Kobowise %2.4 perday! = %0.1 per hour. 

Tips for Using KoboWise:
Before you making a donation to a recipient, be sure to confirm the account details that you're making the donation to in order to prevent making payments into the wrong account, or to the wrong person. 

Donation Reciept System: Donor Recipients are matched with Heaviest donors first. 

Strike System: Users with the least strikes are matched first. 
You get a strike if
1. You do not make/confirm your donations within the 72 hours of being matched. Once you've been matched you will be notified via email and on your dashboard. Try to make the donation pledged within the 72 hours of pledging and be sure to also click the "I have paid" button on the donation table once you have made the donation. 

2. You do not confirm that you recieved a donation - You get 2 strikes for this.

3. If you 

Caution: Only donate money you don't readily need. Kobowise will not be liable for any damages caused by donations recieved or donations made on this platform. 

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Publicity: 

If you've used MMM before; then boy do I have some news for you!!! And its good







 trust me. 




LIST OF BANKS IN NIGERIA

1. Access Bank PLC
2. Diamond Bank PLC
3. Fidelity Bank Plc
4. First City Monument Bank (FCMB) Plc
5. First Bank of Nigeria Limited
6. Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB) Plc
7. Skye Bank Plc. 
8. Union Bank of Nigeria Plc. 
9. United Bank for Africa (UBA) Plc. 
10. Zenith Bank Plc. 
11. Wema Bank plc. 
12. Stanbic IBTC Bank Plc. 
13. Ecobank Nigeria Plc. 
14. Sterling Bank Plc
15. Unity Bank Plc
16. Keystone Bank Plc.




COLOR PALETTE

Blog Colors/ brand colors
Teal = #26a69a
orange = ffb77d

Pink accent-4

red lighten -2  - deep-orange lighten-2
deep-orange lighten 1 

deep-orange accent3/accent-4

brown darken-4

Brand color Hex codes

3b5998 (deep blue)- Facebook
ff0000 (red), 282828 (black) - Youtube




Goals of Articles
Entertain, Inspire, Educate, Create Conversation, Convince.

Target Audience
Time of posting - 2 posts a week. Editorial Calender. 


articles:
1. Getting Started 
2. The Strike System 
3. Making Donations. 
4. Recieving Donations 
5. Staying Anonymous on KoboWise
6. Donating for Others
7. Contacting The Admin 
8. Using KoboWise Wisely 
9. KoboWise Meetings
10. How do I get my money back (Refund Policy)
11. I really want to ask questions.
12. The Matching System.
13. The VoA System.
14. Login in with Social Networks. 
15. Guidelines. (Category)


Some titles:
1. Are you too smart to make money?
2. The Smartest way to monitor your expenses (Really)
3. Are you Spending too much? Or too little?
4. Socialism Vs Capitalism - Its Pros and Cons. 
5. How Banks are robbing you blind everyday.
6. Do people Miss this?
7. Acheiving a Work-Life Balance.
8. The Best Place to Save Money.

Important Events 
1. PUBLIC HOLIDAYS. 
2. VALENTINES DAY. 
3. CHRISTMAS.
4. EASTER. 
5.  

Inspiring Articles

How to do X
How to do X in Y Steps
How NOT to do X
Controversial 
Statistics & Numbers
NewsWorthy Stuff. 


PHP Article Requirements
Title = 2 words Max. 























